README.md, before:

# PassMark PerformanceTest Automation (Linux)

This repository contains a single automation script that downloads,
prepares, and runs PassMark PerformanceTest on Linux in non-interactive
mode and formats the results for display.

Files
- `One‑click fully automated download, installation, and execution of Passmark PerformanceTest on Linux for CPU single‑core and multi‑core benchmark testing.sh`
  - The main automation script (single-file, POSIX shell).

Quick Start
1. Make the script executable:

```bash
chmod +x "One‑click fully automated download, installation, and execution of Passmark PerformanceTest on Linux for CPU single‑core and multi‑core benchmark testing.sh"
```

2. Run with root privileges (needed to install packages when required):

```bash
sudo ./"One‑click fully automated download, installation, and execution of Passmark PerformanceTest on Linux for CPU single‑core and multi‑core benchmark testing.sh"
```

Prerequisites
- Internet access to download the PassMark package.
- A package manager available on the host (`apt`, `yum`, or `dnf`).
- The script will attempt to install `wget`, `unzip`, `dpkg` and
  ncurses compatibility packages when necessary.

What the script does (summary)
- Detects host architecture (`x86_64` or `aarch64`) and package manager.
- Attempts to install `libncurses5` or `ncurses-compat-libs` for
  PassMark compatibility; if unavailable, extracts compatible libraries
  from `.deb` packages and places them next to the executable.
- Downloads the PassMark Linux zip for the detected architecture.
- Runs the PerformanceTest in non-interactive mode, waits for results,
  and formats a concise human-readable report from `results*.yml`.

Key functions (in-script)
- `get_value(key)` — Extracts a single field value from the PassMark
  results YAML. Handles multi-word values and searches within the
  `SystemInformation:` block for processor/memory related keys.
- `get_score(key)` — Calls `get_value` and formats numeric test scores
  for display (rounds to integer by default; preserves one decimal for
  specified tests).

Notes and safety
- The repository currently intentionally contains only the automation
  script. Previous files were removed from the tracked branch.
- Local copies of removed files still exist in your working directory
  unless you delete them manually; the script will not remove files
  outside its temporary working directory.
- If you need to permanently erase files from Git history (force remove
  from all commits), use `git filter-repo` or `git filter-branch` with
  care. Contact me if you want help with that process.

Support / Changes
- If you want the script to support additional architectures or more
  conservative dependency handling (no package installs), I can add
  options and flags (e.g. `--no-install`, `--keep-temp`).

--
Short Chinese summary

此脚本在 Linux 上自动下载并运行 PassMark PerformanceTest，
并从生成的 `results*.yml` 中提取、格式化测试结果。需要网络、
并可能需要以 root 权限安装兼容库以运行 PassMark。
One-click automated download, install and run PassMark PerformanceTest on Linux.

See the script: One‑click fully automated download, installation, and execution of Passmark PerformanceTest on Linux for CPU single‑core and multi‑core benchmark testing.sh

Commit message:

Docs: improve Quick Start — add git-clone and curl/wget download-and-run options

README.md, after:

# PassMark PerformanceTest Automation (Linux)

This repository contains a single automation script that downloads,
prepares, and runs PassMark PerformanceTest on Linux in non-interactive
mode and formats the results for display.

Files
- `One‑click fully automated download, installation, and execution of Passmark PerformanceTest on Linux for CPU single‑core and multi‑core benchmark testing.sh`
  - The main automation script (single-file, POSIX shell).

Quick Start

Recommended — clone the repository and run the script (avoids filename encoding issues):

```bash
# clone the repo (shallow clone)
git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/hrshappy/passmark-automation.git
cd passmark-automation
# run the script with elevated privileges so package installs can succeed
sudo bash "One‑click fully automated download, installation, and execution of Passmark PerformanceTest on Linux for CPU single‑core and multi‑core benchmark testing.sh"
```

Alternative — download the script directly and run (use only if you trust the source):

```bash
# curl (preferred) — save to /tmp, mark executable and run
curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hrshappy/passmark-automation/main/One-%E2%80%91click%20fully%20automated%20download%2C%20installation%2C%20and%20execution%20of%20Passmark%20PerformanceTest%20on%20Linux%20for%20CPU%20single%E2%80%91core%20and%20multi%E2%80%91core%20benchmark%20testing.sh -o /tmp/passmark_auto.sh
chmod +x /tmp/passmark_auto.sh
sudo /tmp/passmark_auto.sh

# wget variant:
# wget -qO /tmp/passmark_auto.sh "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hrshappy/passmark-automation/main/One-%E2%80%91click%20fully%20automated%20download%2C%20installation%2C%20and%20execution%20of%20Passmark%20PerformanceTest%20on%20Linux%20for%20CPU%20single%E2%80%91core%20and%20multi%E2%80%91core%20benchmark%20testing.sh"
# chmod +x /tmp/passmark_auto.sh && sudo /tmp/passmark_auto.sh
```

Security note: always review a script before running it with `sudo`.
If the filename in the repository contains special/unusual characters, prefer the git-clone method to avoid URL-encoding issues.

Prerequisites
- Internet access to download the PassMark package.
- A package manager available on the host (`apt`, `yum`, or `dnf`).
- The script will attempt to install `wget`, `unzip`, `dpkg` and
  ncurses compatibility packages when necessary.

What the script does (summary)
- Detects host architecture (`x86_64` or `aarch64`) and package manager.
- Attempts to install `libncurses5` or `ncurses-compat-libs` for
  PassMark compatibility; if unavailable, extracts compatible libraries
  from `.deb` packages and places them next to the executable.
- Downloads the PassMark Linux zip for the detected architecture.
- Runs the PerformanceTest in non-interactive mode, waits for results,
  and formats a concise human-readable report from `results*.yml`.

Key functions (in-script)
- `get_value(key)` — Extracts a single field value from the PassMark
  results YAML. Handles multi-word values and searches within the
  `SystemInformation:` block for processor/memory related keys.
- `get_score(key)` — Calls `get_value` and formats numeric test scores
  for display (rounds to integer by default; preserves one decimal for
  specified tests).

Notes and safety
- The repository currently intentionally contains only the automation
  script. Previous files were removed from the tracked branch.
- Local copies of removed files still exist in your working directory
  unless you delete them manually; the script will not remove files
  outside its temporary working directory.
- If you need to permanently erase files from Git history (force remove
  from all commits), use `git filter-repo` or `git filter-branch` with
  care. Contact me if you want help with that process.

Support / Changes
- If you want the script to support additional architectures or more
  conservative dependency handling (no package installs), I can add
  options and flags (e.g. `--no-install`, `--keep-temp`).

--
Short Chinese summary

此脚本在 Linux 上自动下载并运行 PassMark PerformanceTest，
并从生成的 `results*.yml` 中提取、格式化测试结果。需要网络、
并可能需要以 root 权限安装兼容库以运行 PassMark。
One-click automated download, install and run PassMark PerformanceTest on Linux.

See the script: One‑click fully automated download, installation, and execution of Passmark PerformanceTest on Linux for CPU single‑core and multi‑core benchmark testing.sh
